Feature/24 support config disable buffering (#25)
cloudogu/ces-confd: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added service attribute `rewrite` [#22]
  - Exported services are now able to define rewrite rules for nginx

> - Added attribute enable to enable / disable buffering for each dogu (#24)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added attribute to enable / disable buffering for specific dogus (#24)
```
